Cumulative status attestation updates (#33)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-attestations: draft-demarco-oauth-status-attestations.md

| JOSE Header | Description | Reference |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **typ** | It MUST be set to `status-attestation-request+jwt` or `status-attestation-request+cwt`| {{RFC7516}} Section 4.1.1 |
| **alg** | A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. It MUST NOT be set to `none` or any symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier. | {{RFC7516}} Section 4.1.1 |
| **kid** | Unique identifier of the JWK used for the signature of the Status Attestation Request, it MUST match the one contained in the Credential `cnf.jwk`. | {{RFC7515}} |

| JOSE Payload | Description | Reference |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **iss** | Wallet identifier. | {{RFC9126}}, {{RFC7519}} |
| **aud** | It MUST be set with the Credential Issuer Status Attestation endpoint URL as value that identify the intended audience | {{RFC9126}}, {{RFC7519}} |

> | **exp** | UNIX Timestamp with the expiration time of the JWT; it MUST be superior to issuance date time (iat)  . | {{RFC9126}}, {{RFC7519}}, {{RFC7515}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **exp** | UNIX Timestamp with the expiration time of the JWT. It MUST be superior to the value set for `iat`  . | {{RFC9126}}, {{RFC7519}}, {{RFC7515}} |
```

| JOSE Header | Description | Reference |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **alg** | A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. It MUST NOT be set to `none` or to a symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier. | {{RFC7515}}, {{RFC7517}} |

> | **typ** | It MUST be set to `status-attestation+jwt`or `status-attestation+cwt`. | {{RFC7515}}, {{RFC7517}} and this specification |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **typ** | It MUST be set to `status-attestation+jwt`or `status-attestation+cwt`. | {{RFC7515}}, {{RFC7517}} and this specification |
```

`vp_token` JSON array, as defined in [@OpenID4VP], the Status Attestation along with the
related Digital Credential.

> In a scenario where a Verifier requests one or more "Status Attestations" issued by the same "Credential Issuer" or any other party, there is a requirement for the credential_pop to include all the "Status Attestations" associated with the same issuer. Therefore, by default, the credential_pop object MUST be an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Wallet may request one or more Status Attestations, issued by the same Credential Issuer, the `credential_pop` object MUST be an array.
```
